Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Amanda's: Hi, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good how are you
Amanda's: I am doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, thanks for showing up today. My name is Becca, and I am a counselor here bright heart and we are going to complete your bio psychosocial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm just going to ask you a series of questions and get a little bit of your history that. All right.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay are you ready
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. First question is what brings you to bright heart and why now.
Amanda's: I was on a methadone.
Amanda's: And
Amanda's: It.
Amanda's: Wasn't something right with my methadone and
Amanda's: That was untrue.
Amanda's: Because I know I take my methadone and they were saying that it wasn't showing up. So I pulled my take homes because I've been there for two years or three years to clean away.
Amanda's: And then they want to start messing with me. So I told him I wasn't gonna go back
Amanda's: To like try to get off the method on my own.
Amanda's: It was a little more harder than I thought.
Amanda's: So the last couple days before I got what I call you guys
Amanda's: Actually was going to go buy some heroin and somebody said they had a Suboxone so I took it and I felt way better.
Amanda's: And then I happen to find a clinic. You guys that again we have to leave my house. I didn't even know that.
About
Amanda's: Internet, and I, I like this one better than the other ones. And then I do everything on the phone.
Amanda's: That was way better than it was whole point of not me going out every day back to where I started zero. Yeah, I'm a long way.
Amanda's: And I don't want to be accused of stuff. I don't do
Yeah.
Amanda's: I did wrong. Oh, I didn't do nothing wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So have you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're a methadone because of heroin, you were taking methadone because of heroin use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let's. Can you give me your, your usage history like age of first us. What was the substance that you first tried and how did it progress to to now.
Amanda's: Okay. Well, I tried. We'd like around 13 or 14 your dad for a couple years.
Amanda's: I did coke couple times. But then I ended up
Amanda's: smoking crack for seven years.
Amanda's: Was clean for almost 20 years
Amanda's: In that time I had great
Amanda's: I got the Wi Fi wi
Amanda's: And then I had searching about 15 or 14 he was 15 man I could have. I should have got off the field, a long time ago. I just didn't end up getting high on them. And I just
Amanda's: They kept giving them to me and I just kept taking on what you should have said no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They didn't
Amanda's: Of course, we got addicted to them. And those got harder to get harder to get started here with a couple of times.
Amanda's: Over those readings methadone clinic.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Amanda's: I just didn't want to live like that anymore. I came out to Albuquerque cuz we lost her house and tears. He and my cousin said she helped me and then 10 days later she threw me out.
Amanda's: So we became homeless.
Amanda's: But ever since then I've got, we've got our place got a car. So I'm saying all that three years, and they're saying that about my us
Amanda's: Like that was true. So I wasn't going to, it's like a inherently he just wanted to knock back down.
Amanda's: Yeah, so I was like
Amanda's: Why do you do good, all this way and then you just going your way back to square one.
Amanda's: Like, why don't you try to test it and figure something else out right away, taken away from you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, okay.
Amanda's: I want to taper down off of the boxes to I don't want to be on anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Did you tell the doctor that
Amanda's: While you make my appointment yesterday because I hadn't been feeling good. I got up and I clean the house a little bit. My dad brought the boxes from tears it
Amanda's: So I'm trying to repack those again for storage shed, but it's been raining here. Nick coronavirus to they have a stay at home. And when I came to sit down to my meeting I fell asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What time was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It seven. Okay.
Amanda's: Who's your doctor would have been at six. I don't know. I'm going to see if our moon. What is it,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've talked to all
Amanda's: Right. Yeah, that one.
Amanda's: Okay, I fell asleep.
Amanda's: Where now.
Amanda's: It's from working all day. You know what I mean. And I sat down. I kind of got relax and just see him get on the phone. I just fell asleep, and then I woke up at 830 I was like oh my god I miss my home heating
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It did you call me and let him. Oh, we did
Amanda's: Get a call this morning and told him to talk to you and let you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, I work with Dr. Amen.
Amanda's: I don't that medication was just stuff until yesterday, it'll have much for today.
Amanda's: I mean, I haven't started with dollars or anything, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, what I'll do, once were completed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then I will let Dr Ouma know that you came to your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Came to your by and got your bio SEC done and then he will prescribe medicine. Now, tomorrow you have a meeting on what day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When
Amanda's: I don't know, I just, I just, you have every Wednesday.
Amanda's: So next one do have
Amanda's: Meet with him again I'll you know to me what I'm supposed to do. Yesterday, what I'll do next Wednesday definitely being that I chose was Wednesdays and they said, I have to do this with you, but I'm willing you'll decide and can be when I have to meet with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, you and I will discuss that after we're done. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's, let's get your information. Let me get him while you're sitting here. Let me send them a message and let them know
Amanda's: Because I think the pharmacy closes at nine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amanda. What's your last name.
Garcia.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That way he can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Daniel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just sent him the information that you're here and that you need to refill, and that you discussed missing your meeting last night and that you have committed to making every Wednesday meeting from this point forward.
Amanda's: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, that's your BIOS, like, um, alright. So, you told me your drug history, your usage history, um, any other substance abuse treatment or mental health treatment.
Amanda's: A court order leader of programming my
Amanda's: Obviously didn't do it because I wasn't ready I quit smoking crack on my own.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And no past mental health diagnosis.
Amanda's: No, I took my kids.
Amanda's: To behavior happens here see
Amanda's: I told my favorite. And I would go and they told me that I was bipolar.
Amanda's: But I didn't really
Amanda's: I really there wasn't no medication that we get. We tried a little bit of meditation and then
Amanda's: Having the two kids taking them all the time. I just
Amanda's: Didn't really take care of myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda's: I don't even know if He even gave me bipolar medication any medicine more to sleep. I have a hard time sleeping.
Uh huh.
Amanda's: So when I was with my kids up in the morning. I felt like drunk. It was that
Amanda's: It's the one with the end, not enough.
Gabba
Amanda's: Gabba
Amanda's: What do you do it was
Amanda's: It was with an end but that's basically what it was. You take 100,000,001 92 300 milligrams. The next night and it's free. Well, I woke up, but I was like really not okay falling into walls. I do that again.
Amanda's: I sleeping. I need to get them to hear my kids too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like
Amanda's: Me. They were old enough, like, don't get me wrong, they were like 1311 or 12 but
Amanda's: They still needed me to get them up. Get them out to the bus stop, get him some breakfast or
Amanda's: Sure that could have joined it on their own. Does it that day. But I didn't want to be like that. It was like I was drunk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you didn't like that feeling.
Amanda's: Know, so I just stopped taking it all together. I just didn't really go back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past suicide attempts.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Homicide attempts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope self harm.
Amanda's: No like cutting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Can you tell me a little bit about your family dynamics growing. Now if your parents stayed together your whole life. How many siblings do you have, did they struggle. Anybody else in your family struggle with any kind of addiction.
Amanda's: My parents when I was a
Amanda's: And my mom and dad have a daughter, we have two kids, me and my sister.
Amanda's: And I guess I'll call. It's just a problem all the time. I don't remember. I'll call you to problems from my sister earlier. Yeah, we go to the clubs and stuff like that but
Amanda's: I don't know when it got bad her my sister, my mom and my sister died of cirrhosis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, sorry to hear that.
Amanda's: But my. It's weird. Okay so alcohol was in my family, but
Amanda's: My dad. So that's why he left my mom, but I didn't see them all the time, not I didn't see I'm drunk. So the way I did when she left
Amanda's: And
Amanda's: Let me do great. Don't get me wrong but
Amanda's: My dad never hit my mom.
Amanda's: I knew they argue with not like any we're getting divorced
Amanda's: I don't get my dad ever drove drove
Amanda's: Not when he was with us.
Amanda's: Or, you know, maybe they did a line here. There. I know my mom never did.
Amanda's: I don't think my daddy jokes, while he was with us.
Amanda's: And if it, if he did, it was like maybe when I would never see it. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda's: I don't think drugs was not in my my growing up as far as my family.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Amanda's: Well then I started smoking crack and my sister found some friends.
Amanda's: Yeah.
Amanda's: When you're smoking them together and then get this friend if she would lend us money. And then, then she asked about it, we kind of did it together, but then
Amanda's: I learned miles away. I lived in another town called mountain here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Amanda's: And I would only do it sometimes
Amanda's: When I had kids, I couldn't get high.
Amanda's: My city is to work. I don't know why I don't know where I don't know where it fell off. She showed you get a lot like that I was the one who always been trouble.
Amanda's: How many
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many siblings do you have why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any childhood trauma or abuse, sexual abuse, physical, emotional, mental
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. No. Okay. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see. The next piece of this, they want to know about what it was like for you in school. And did you graduate. Did you struggle in school, any learning disabilities.
Amanda's: That night, and having I have no learning disabilities. I only went to ninth grade. That's like because my mom or my dad left my mom because she really loved me.
Amanda's: She was just really hurt couldn't see her life without him.
Amanda's: Yeah, so that's why my sister. That's why I'm saying this is it wasn't always now call it either. I don't know where it got rough for her because I lost my teeth in 98 my dad legally adopted him.
Amanda's: She still had our kids and somewhere down the road. She favorite tunes away and died.
Amanda's: She ended up dying in my house and tear sheet but
Amanda's: I've always helped her. I've always given her the housing and I always give your income tax.
Amanda's: Um,
Amanda's: I don't know. We grew up the same way. I don't know how she got what she ended up in where I ended up
Amanda's: I did drugs and get all that stuff just to hang out my friends and stuff.
Amanda's: Because I was running away from my family.
Mm hmm.
Amanda's: Trying stuff.
Amanda's: Is like the people that got it, got a garbage because it feels in my own house. Like, I went out looking for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda's: Was it searching for something that I didn't have a head of house manager.
Amanda's: Had my kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope, you froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amanda last year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amanda
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost Amanda
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stop recording. I will start it back when she comes back in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last year,
Amanda's: Hello. I don't know why my phone does this and only does that when I'm with you guys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Amanda's: Just completely shuts off.
Amanda's: I don't know when I took my phone taste off.
Amanda's: Because it was a little hot, but I've never had my phone just me sometimes, it shuts off. I'm like, always been on my phone. That's like once a month.
Amanda's: Or you know what I mean, but
Amanda's: Lacking that older lady is shut off twice.
Amanda's: So just how many did I knew what was going on. So I just had to wait for it to load everything up and I don't know why it does that. I've never video chatted this long either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of phone do you have
Amanda's: Ever Samsung seven edge.
Amanda's: Have a good phone. I just don't
Amanda's: I may be
Amanda's: Never done this. I don't know what's going on, ever happened to me like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you should take it in and and ask, maybe it's something simple, maybe it's in the settings or something that you don't
Amanda's: Realize how I'm going to use that zoom or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Amanda's: Getting your phone. I mean, I have tablets or whatever I have to turn my hotspot on. You know what I mean.
Amanda's: Yeah, yeah, I'll tell you.
Amanda's: Next time, because
Amanda's: You're hearing group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. That would be horrible, but I can tell you that a lot of people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are on zoom right now to and on the internet, everyone's on this stay at home thing. So it's probably a little overloaded, is what I'm thinking. He can
Amanda's: See on Sundays like Saturdays and Sundays, because there's only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: manda froze again she's probably going to be kicked off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna stop recording until she is back hear
Lenovo TAB4 8: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Can you hear me. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can hear you now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No video
Lenovo TAB4 8: And I can't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't hear me.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can hear you. Okay. Can you hear me.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Okay, so I got off my phone. I got on a tablet.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Okay, I don't see my face over here. So I don't know.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Why, my face is not there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you don't have your video on
Lenovo TAB4 8: I didn't want to like go through and do I got it would all be coming up. It just keeps shutting off on us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and we can just finish up just like this that's totally okay. Okay.
Lenovo TAB4 8: All right guys do it better. I just wanted to get on the tablet right away because it shut off right away as soon as I got on there, at least, at least I got halfway through before it shut off again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. Um, alright, so we talked about your family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you had mentioned, I need to know a little bit about your legal history, you told me that you had in the past 60 wise.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any other Past, present legal stuff.
Lenovo TAB4 8: conspiracy to shoplifting. I went to prison.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Prison three times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that one I
Lenovo TAB4 8: Went there and then a valid my Pro. I went back about three years later, I ended up going back
Lenovo TAB4 8: For a DWI.
Lenovo TAB4 8: I finished my Pro. I don't have. I'm not in trouble now. I haven't been in trouble, since I got out of prison in 2013
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Put your mind to something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right, 100%. That's right. Um, any financial stressors for you right now.
Lenovo TAB4 8: No.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Like my wife. She works. And I'm really thankful that she's a store manager, because the coronavirus isn't affecting us
Lenovo TAB4 8: Will always have a job.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Because like right now the stores only open from 10 to seven.
But she doesn't have any employees because the hours are guaranteed to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's awesome. That's definitely a financial security relief and all this madness.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Yeah, and name instead of a closure store gap because you have to drive 3030 miles away to go to work, but it thanks to her store down, they'll, they'll find her another store so she won't be out of work. Every guaranteed or that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She must be a good worker. Okay, I
Lenovo TAB4 8: Mean, like I said, we were homeless and
Lenovo TAB4 8: We just needed a place to put our feet down the ground. My cousin said she was helping us, but she didn't and
Lenovo TAB4 8: We've got it together. But we're okay now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, okay. Is there anything that I missed out that you think is important for us to know about you.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Know, I mean,
Lenovo TAB4 8: Like I said about the appeals. I could have said no, but I didn't. And that's my own fault, like I'm a very strong person, like I said, if I don't want to do this anymore. I'm not going to
Lenovo TAB4 8: I'm
Lenovo TAB4 8: Just, I don't want to be dependent on drugs. The whole point of all this.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Yeah, got on the Methadone so I could
Lenovo TAB4 8: Get off the field, but then I'm still stuck on that one.
Lenovo TAB4 8: And I'd like i said i thought i could get off, but it was more. It was body. I do it was physical period, but I just thought I could keep myself down, but I couldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Want to get
Lenovo TAB4 8: The box. And now I want to, I obviously know I need them because they need to get this
Lenovo TAB4 8: Depends on the
Lenovo TAB4 8: The I forget what they're called, The opiates out of me.
Lenovo TAB4 8: And
Lenovo TAB4 8: I need to take something to taper down but
Lenovo TAB4 8: All I am is
Lenovo TAB4 8: Feels. You know what I mean, still needing something new. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know that, you know, work with a doctor. Don't stop it and try to stop it on your own, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you have a game plan with the doctor to, you know, get yourself leveled out so that you're not sick and then slowly taper you down in a safe medical way, you know, and then you'll be able to be successful at it.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Because
Lenovo TAB4 8: Try to find out why it was wrong. You know what I mean. Because, already take me down and I have to go in every day, or what happens is the two years that I was clean like
Lenovo TAB4 8: The they just didn't help me.
Lenovo TAB4 8: So like we got. I got punished all over again for but I didn't do anything wrong, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, that's like it. Yeah. That way, but
Lenovo TAB4 8: I know not to taper down and I'm going in this program, knowing that I want to get off rather quickly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, why are you working with bright heart, tell me anything that you would like to work on with individual therapy with me.
Lenovo TAB4 8: I've noticed a lot of people have noticed they told me like
Lenovo TAB4 8: I don't know how to do it. Like I'm bossy, or I'm rude.
I
Lenovo TAB4 8: Some people will say in a nice way. And I'll say it.
Lenovo TAB4 8: I'll just say it bluntly, I probably could sit there and think about it, but I don't
Lenovo TAB4 8: And I'm not trying to be rude or nothing, it's just
I know
Lenovo TAB4 8: I don't really know what, what, why, what's the difference why I have to sit there and try to sit nicely when it means the same thing.
Lenovo TAB4 8: It would actually take me longer to think of what I'm trying to say, if I had a student tries it nice when I could just see what I need to say right away, but I know that's rude.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Rude like that. I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So communication style is rude and polite.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Leaf in a hurry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, but it doesn't offend me
Lenovo TAB4 8: Not everybody's like me, you know,
Lenovo TAB4 8: Yeah, the truth. Oh, yeah. No matter comes nice or rude. It's gonna hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Um, could you please go get this. I'm like, go get that like I just gotta train my mind a little different, or
Lenovo TAB4 8: Not trying to bash anybody around. It's just the way it comes out and I
Lenovo TAB4 8: I think I just need to work on that.
Lenovo TAB4 8: caring about other people's feelings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, we can certainly start there, that's for sure. Okay. Okay. Um, what time and what day is best for you to meet with me.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Hey,
Lenovo TAB4 8: You haven't gone I don't I don't go to work. I mean, tomorrow I'm going to keep the car just because I need to get these boxes out of here and I feel a little bit better.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Whatever time is good. I'll just make the time. Like, I don't have to go anywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get through your
Lenovo TAB4 8: You're the one that has clients and
Lenovo TAB4 8: Because they called and asked me at 11 and then they changed it so you had another appointment. But then we change to this time.
Lenovo TAB4 8: I guess you called and told him you couldn't do 11
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I have 11 I did have a prior commitment at 11
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: O'clock.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Go, whatever works for you. I mean, I had to seven another meeting because I, I guess I didn't get it that we, it was all during the video. I thought I had to go to somewhere. I didn't understand. So if the mornings. Good for you. Whatever, I'm okay with whatever whatever time you hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me, I just got to review it really fast. Give me one second and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me take a look
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: March 1 okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about Wait, I don't think that one's right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me one second. Okay.
That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about Wednesday at one o'clock.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amanda
Lenovo TAB4 8: And that's good because I have Wednesdays with
Lenovo TAB4 8: Dr. Seven so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They have to be different days.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Oh, they can be the same day.
Lenovo TAB4 8: No Medicaid. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah okay so let's look again. I totally forgot that you had
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Grew up on that day, you told me to.
Lenovo TAB4 8: And I forgot it up Medicaid to, you can still just charge it one time instead of twice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about
Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about where am I, what am I, Thursday.
Lenovo TAB4 8: THE 26th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the
Lenovo TAB4 8: Job.
Lenovo TAB4 8: So I can get out of the house a little bit too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I find a job, can I
Lenovo TAB4 8: Change this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With you. Yes. Okay. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How about Thursday at 10am
Lenovo TAB4 8: Okay, so does that mean 11 k. So, today, they told me that I had to call in at five. So I call that by but then they told me it was actually six o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so, um,
Lenovo TAB4 8: You're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My time
Lenovo TAB4 8: Okay, so that means it would be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 11 your time.
Lenovo TAB4 8: I love it. It's 11 for me. So it's seven o'clock. What time is it for me. I probably wouldn't have missed yesterday, I probably should have call it six o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If yeah if it was it seven o'clock. Your time because your doctor. He's in New Mexico to
Lenovo TAB4 8: Okay, so then it's the right time. Okay. Yeah.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Well for you. It's 11 o'clock.
Lenovo TAB4 8: And he said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's on the right time zone with you. Huh. He's on the right time zone for you. They told me that with you. They didn't say PM Pacific time
Lenovo TAB4 8: They just said five o'clock so city. Okay, yeah. Then I call it and that guy is. He told me he does. Well, I'll give you her number. And then you could call later as well. Isn't it now. He said, No, it's an hour in got it wasn't a different time though, because then I would have missed it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, I struggle with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I struggle with the time it's something so simple. It's an hour, an hour difference but I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just struggled with that. I don't know why I
Lenovo TAB4 8: Didn't say it was. They didn't say it. We had a kind of different data said five o'clock, so I assumed it was five o'clock. If he told me I would have known, but
Lenovo TAB4 8: I didn't, I didn't know that, like how they how they said about seven I just
Lenovo TAB4 8: They didn't tell me my doctor was in New Mexico, either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, when you learn something new every time.
Lenovo TAB4 8: They, they need a safe Pacific or mountain or you know what I mean, because
Yeah.
Lenovo TAB4 8: I didn't know that until I called him because I was trying to mind. I called it an hour early
Lenovo TAB4 8: That's how I found out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh well thank God you're being proactive.
Yeah.
Lenovo TAB4 8: So I'm saying if it would have been the other way time, I would have missed it all together because they didn't tell me all the time difference, and I should snap in California, but
Lenovo TAB4 8: Like I'm saying my doctors obviously on my, on my time, but it'll tell me any of this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sorry about that. I am glad we're I'm glad we're talking about it then.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Maybe like you got to always say Pacific time or mountain time it will never affect anything because if I mountain, then I know what I'm doing.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Right at least they'll know some people are different because how you're different. You're on a different time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. Yes.
Lenovo TAB4 8: They don't realize they just say the time they don't snap it everybody's not all the same place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I have you set up and scheduled for individual sessions with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesdays or Thursdays at 10am my time which is 11 o'clock, your time. Okay.
Lenovo TAB4 8: So Wednesday and Thursday my appointments. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. And, you know, through this next week on our next appointment, think about some other things that you would like to work on with me and we will definitely work on communication styles will be the first part that will dive into next week. Okay.
Lenovo TAB4 8: Okay, and hopefully I'll get this
Lenovo TAB4 8: Camera to work better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least I can hear you really well.
Lenovo TAB4 8: It hasn't shut off on us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not, not once, and sometimes you know it happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. I mean, my Internet's been unstable my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I've gone through the same thing. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely get your phone checked out. And there might be a setting that needs to be changed because of the video.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we'll all right. Perfect. All right, Amanda. I'm going to let you go. You have a great weekend and I will see you next week. And they should be calling you because I put in the request for your medication and I am in group with the doctor tomorrow as well, but they should be getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your medication.
Lenovo TAB4 8: If you like check his messages all the time. Where does it go to his phone or like how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He does. He
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He'll check and he has somebody else that helps him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Lenovo TAB4 8: Wait until I get a message from the, from the pharmacy that my medications day or what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you don't hear me. Because obviously there's other
Lenovo TAB4 8: You guys are busy so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you don't hear anything. And in an hour. Give it one hour. If you don't hear anything call virtual clinic back. Okay, that's what I would do. Okay.
Lenovo TAB4 8: And tell them that you left
Lenovo TAB4 8: A message and all that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, just tell them that you're wanting to know if your prescription had been filled
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Becca. Put in a request for it and you haven't heard anything. Okay. Okay.
Lenovo TAB4 8: All right, thank you. And I will see you next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm looking forward to working with you. Have a great weekend. You too. Okay. Bye now.